1. The current implementation uses all possible comment styles at once, goes through
	a massive regular expression to pull all possible comment styles and check to see
	if each potential comment has a notice within it.
	*   The issue here is when comment styles collide and more is grabbed than needed
	*   The second being the large amount of garbage data that is checked for notices
	An attempted implementation using unix file command was used but inconsitent use
	of the command accross different operating systems and the file command not being
	able to accurately distinguish file/programming language types caused lead to
	that implementation being scraped for the current.

2. A possible solution would be using a type of negative lookahead with backtracking to
	determine the current comment style then read till the end of that specific
	found style. That is looking for a copyright identifier then looking backwards
	for the current comment style then continuing till the last local use of that
	style to identify comment blocks where the copyright notice would be contained.

3. Use a differnt type of NLP matching, learning method. The current machine learning 
	uses a corpus of tagged words and the relation of words in that corpus. Then
	performs the Vertirbi algorithm (forward backwards algorithm variant) to
	determine part of speech for each word in the given context.

4. Cosine and word similarity was thought of but under close analysis was rejected
	because of the coputation required per word. This would be good for analizing
	mispelling of key words but would be required on each word dramatically
	increasing the runtime for the program. For instance determining is a given
	word is copyright or mispelled or several other key words.

5. License Extraction: Currently the program does not look for a copyright license simply
	a notice. A naive implementation was done using regular expressions but excluded
	from this published version. The implementaion looked for key common words within
	comments. For instance the words: license, software, program. Were very common
	and returned good results but it was decided to not have in the final published
	version.
